This is one of a multiple CCN a quiz based with videos these quizzes are practical and use a packet
tracer to help you test and verify your knowledge of Assisi and eight topics.
So download to the attached a packet trace a file and see if you can practically answer the questions
in this quiz.
So don't just answer the questions prove it by using the package to trace a simulation mode so assume
that for these questions that all devices have just rebooted you can simulate to this by clicking the
power cycle devices button and Packet Tracer.
In other words you can click this button here to power cycle of the devices.
Again don't just answer these questions prove it.
The first question is when P.S. 1 Ping's P.S. 4 in network 1.
What type of packet is sent to the Hub initially.
Can you prove it.
Who received the packet.
Who received the return traffic from P.S. fort.
P.S. 1 and when paying traffic is sent from P.S. 1 to P.S. 4 who receives that traffic for question
5 to 8.
Assume that the switches and MAC address table is empty so assume that or thus allow you to switch in
network 2 has just a rebooted and that its MAC address table is empty.
When P.S. 5 pings P.S. 8.
In other words this P.S. Here pings of the IP address of PCH what type of packet is sent initially to
the switch.
And can you prove it.
And then again who receives the initial packet and who receives the return traffic from P.S. 8 to P.S.
5 and then when ICMP traffic or ping traffic is sent from P.S. 5 2 P.S. 8 who received the traffic Question
9 10 and 11 ask about broadcast and collision domains.
How many broadcast domains are there network one and can you prove it.
How many broadcast domains are they in network 2 and can you prove it.
How many collision domains are there in network 1 and network 2.
And again can you prove that you don't have to answer these questions from Question 1 to question eleven.
You may want to answer questions 9 10 and 11 first and then answer the other questions.
But by the time you finished you should be able to answer these 11 questions and be able to prove the
answers practically.
So download the attached packet trace a file and see if you can answer the questions yourself.
But I'm now going to go through the answers to these questions.
I'm going to answer the questions practically now.
So either pause the video or continue watching.